you've all seen this trick before but
have you seen this one Samsung display's
big Focus for their foldable and
slidable display Technologies this year
has been durability in the past these
were always motorized and I wasn't
allowed to touch them now they're just
letting me play with them and this is
far from the coolest one the flex in and
out behaves just like a Samsung Galaxy
flip except if it was a contortionist it
goes all the way back the other way a
full
360° dang lady you flexible and even if
you don't care about a 360° hinge
they've got Concepts here showing these
thin flexible displays being used in all
kinds of cool ways like Jenny liked my
photo thanks Jenny it's not always
obvious how these Technologies are going
to make their way into real products
this for example is a form factor that I
was largely dismissive of until I
actually daily drove a device that used
it with a little detachable keyboard it
is super cool being able to turn this
into a gigantic kickstand display when I
roll up to a meeting we'll see you guys
at the next booth